1. If you want something to last forever, you treat it differently. You shield it and protect it. You never abuse it. You don’t expose it to the elements. -Elder Burton

2. Marriage is the most trusting step in any human relationship. It’s a real act of faith. The very nature of the endeavor requires that you hold on to each other as tightly as you can and jump. -Elder Holland

3. None of us marry perfection; we marry potential. -Elder Hales

4. Choose your love; love your choice. -Elder Monson

5. Couples that serve together spend eternity together. -Elder Scharf

6. Youth should begin today to so order their lives that they will be found worthy at the proper time to go to the House of the Lord and be uplifted and sanctified by the temple ceremony. -Elder Lee

7. Successful marriages and families are established and maintained on principles of faith, prayer, repentance, forgiveness, respect, love, compassion, work, and wholesome recreational activities. -The Family: A Proclamation to the World

8. Sandwiched between their “once upon a time” and “happily ever after” they all had to experience great adversity. -Elder Uchtdorf

9. Being happily and successfully married is generally not so much a matter of marrying the right person as it is being the right person. -Elder Hunter

10. A happy and successful marriage depends on two good forgivers. -Elder Robbins

11. I plead with you to be worthy, to be steadfast, and to look forward with great anticipation to the day you will receive the ordinances and blessings of the temple. -Elder Bednar

12. Taking time for each other is the key for harmony at home. -Elder Uchtdorf

13. Celebrate and commemorate each day together as a treasured gift from heaven. -Elder Nelson

14. We should remember that saying ‘I love you’ is only a beginning. We need to say it, we need to mean it, and most importantly we need consistently to show it. -Elder Bednar

15. At the creation of man and woman, unity for them in marriage was not given hope; it was a command! Our Heavenly Father wants our hearts to be knit together. That union in love is not simply an ideal. It is a necessity. -Elder Eyring

16. I don’t believe there is only one right person for you …Once you commit to being married, your spouse becomes your soul mate and it is your duty and responsibility to work every day to keep it that way. -Elder Uchtdorf

17. Divinely defined differences between a man and a woman in a marriage is the ultimate laboratory to become a disciple of Jesus Christ. -Elder Bednar

18. I stress the importance of clearing up any misunderstandings…it does not matter who is right, but what is right. -Elder Tanner

19. True love blooms when we care more about another person than we care about ourselves. -Elder Holland

20. Love is meant to be an adventure. -Elder Hinckley